Hello! It's Virtual Adventurer, Kizuna Ai!
Today, I am here again at Avabel Online!
Surprise!
Surprise!!
Today
I have a surprising present for you guys!
I will be giving away a promide? bromide? photograph..
Either one of them?
*「B」romide*
I will be giving away one to you guys!!!
Also, I am not just giving away a photograph..
You will also receive a message written by me!
How about that? Great news right?
It's very easy to participate
I will be telling you the key word in this video
Then please make sure to write it down in your comment
in the comment section, then it's okay!
These 2 people here are amazing..I guess they are my fans? Thank you~
ahh~I am a Queen
Don't mind me.. Don't mind me...ahh.. very good.. you guys
Too close (laughter)
Is this some sort of matchmaking
So let's start...ah..wait...Eh?
He became a chair...So Cool...Eh?
Wait a sec this...
This is....SO COOL!
You guys surely did some training!
Quest... Let's go!
OHHHHHHH
Eh....ah..ah..ah..Not Good...Not Good
They're coming at the same time
You right there...
Eh...but my skills are so weak..
Eh?
My skills are too weak...
Or should I say... I'm about to die?..
I don't wanna die..
I still have a lot... a lot of things I want to do
I still need to..like..
I still haven't done a proper CM!
I still have to accomplish 7.3 billion subscribers..
AHHHHHH...it hurts..it hurts...
Don't stab me...
I'm in pinch...ah..ah..
Please let me heal...heal...heal...heal...heal...
my skill..
my skill...
doesn't really do much damage..
I'm gonna make you a roasted chicken barbecue
OH!
CLEAR!
I DID IT!!
I GOT IT
A ROASTED CHICKEN BARBECUE!
JA JA JAN
I got a ticket!
I DID IT~!
I GOT IT!
Ah..Yea..I've been too into this game and forgot to say that..
The key word is...
The key word is... HENSHIN! (transform)
One more time..HENSHIN! (transform)
Have you guys all got it?
Please include this keyword
and write down your comment in the comment section
However there will only be one person winning
I'm really sorry about that but..Please forgive me
with my cute pose..